Computer Science Graduate Work, jobs (with Salaries) | Indeed United Kingdom

[
            Skip to main content
        ](#gnav-header-end)

Skip to main content[Home](https://uk.indeed.com/)[Company reviews](https://uk.indeed.com/companies)[Salary guide](https://uk.indeed.com/career/salaries)Get the app[Sign in](https://secure.indeed.com/auth?hl=en_GB&co=GB&continue=https%3A%2F%2Fuk.indeed.com%2Fq-computer-science-graduate-jobs.html&tmpl=desktop&from=gnav-util-jobsearch--indeedmobile&jsContinue=https%3A%2F%2Fonboarding.indeed.com%2Fonboarding%3Fhl%3Den_GB%26co%3DGB%26from%3Dgnav-jobsearch--indeedmobile&empContinue=https%3A%2F%2Faccount.indeed.com%2Fmyaccess)[Sign in](https://secure.indeed.com/auth?hl=en_GB&co=GB&continue=https%3A%2F%2Fuk.indeed.com%2Fq-computer-science-graduate-jobs.html&tmpl=desktop&from=gnav-util-jobsearch--indeedmobile&jsContinue=https%3A%2F%2Fonboarding.indeed.com%2Fonboarding%3Fhl%3Den_GB%26co%3DGB%26from%3Dgnav-jobsearch--indeedmobile&empContinue=https%3A%2F%2Faccount.indeed.com%2Fmyaccess)[Employers / Post Job](https://uk.indeed.com/hire?co=GB&hl=en)1 new update- [Home](https://uk.indeed.com/m/)
- [Company reviews](https://uk.indeed.com/companies)
- [Salary guide](https://uk.indeed.com/career/salaries)
- [Employers](https://employers.indeed.com/p/posting)
- [Create your CV](https://my.indeed.com/resume?hl=en_GB&co=GB)
- [Change country🇬🇧 United Kingdom](https://uk.indeed.com/m/countries)
- [Help](https://uk.indeed.com/help/)
- [Privacy Centre](https://hrtechprivacy.com/)
Start of main content

Keyword : all jobs&nbsp;Edit location input box labelFind jobs- PayAll Salaries£30,000+£35,000+£45,000+£50,000+£65,000+
- RemoteAll jobsHybrid workRemote
- CompanyAll companiesCanonicalMotorola SolutionsGraduate Recruitment BureauRevolut
- Job typefilter
- Posted ByEmployer and Staffing agencyEmployerStaffing Agency
- Location[London](/jobs?q=computer+science+graduate&rbl=London&jlid=833c779eabe84c9f)[Douglas](/jobs?q=computer+science+graduate&rbl=Douglas&jlid=457873fe7b4541be)[Cambridge](/jobs?q=computer+science+graduate&rbl=Cambridge&jlid=4f2808220e14681f)[Remote](/jobs?q=computer+science+graduate&rbl=Remote&jlid=7bff81bdce71eefd)
- Education levelfilter
- Industryfilter
- Encouraged to applyfilter
- Date postedLast 24 hoursLast 3 daysLast 7 daysLast 14 days
[Post your CV](/promo/resume?from=serptop3&subfrom=resprmrtop&trk.origin=jobsearch&trk.variant=resprmrtop&trk.tk=1j07ptgkihc4i836) and find your next job on Indeed!&nbsp;# computer science graduate jobs

Sort by: **relevance** - [date](/q-computer-science-graduate-jobs.html?sort=date)200+ jobs- 
- ## Graduate / Entry Level – Software Test Engineers - Glasgow City Centre / Hybrid

CommissumGlasgowPaid training[View similar jobs with this employer](/addlLoc/redirect?tk=1j07ptgkihc4i836&jk=1fc2e07fbc6c3a4b&dest=%2Fjobs%3Fq%3Dcomputer%2Bscience%2Bgraduate%26grpKey%3D8gcFdG5mZWy4D4fftQqqECoKCW5vcm10aXRsZRodZW50cnkgbGV2ZWwgc29mdHdhcmUgZW5naW5lZXI%253D) 
Graduate / Entry Level – Software Test Engineers.
Multiple Full-Time Roles | Based in Birmingham & Glasgow | £28K – £30K.
Mobile and Web App Testing.
View all [Commissum jobs](/q-commissum-jobs.html) - [Glasgow jobs](/l-glasgow-jobs.html) - [Entry Level Software Engineer jobs in Glasgow](/q-entry-level-software-engineer-l-glasgow-jobs.html)Salary Search: [Graduate / Entry Level – Software Test Engineers - Glasgow City Centre / Hybrid salaries in Glasgow](/career/entry-level-software-engineer/salaries/Glasgow?campaignid=serp-more&fromjk=1fc2e07fbc6c3a4b&from=serp-more)
- ## Rev-celerator Graduate Programme 2026: Software Engineer (Frontend)

RevolutRemote[View similar jobs with this employer](/addlLoc/redirect?tk=1j07ptgkihc4i836&jk=693c44fd17a92015&dest=%2Fjobs%3Fq%3Dcomputer%2Bscience%2Bgraduate%26grpKey%3D8gcFdG5mZWy4D46b6hqqEB4KCW5vcm10aXRsZRoRc29mdHdhcmUgZW5naW5lZXI%253D) 
University studies in **computer** **science**, maths, physics, or a similar subject.
First, kick off with a few weeks of bootcamp, where we’ll prepare you to jump into…
View all [Revolut jobs](/q-revolut-jobs.html) - [Remote jobs](/l-remote-jobs.html) - [Software Engineer jobs in Remote](/q-software-engineer-l-remote-jobs.html)Salary Search: [Rev-celerator Graduate Programme 2026: Software Engineer (Frontend) salaries in Remote](/career/software-engineer/salaries?campaignid=serp-more&fromjk=693c44fd17a92015&from=serp-more)See popular [questions & answers about Revolut](/cmp/Revolut/faq)
- ## Rev-celerator Graduate Programme 2026: Data Analyst

RevolutRemote[View similar jobs with this employer](/addlLoc/redirect?tk=1j07ptgkihc4i836&jk=49e8d00aeb8be566&dest=%2Fjobs%3Fq%3Dcomputer%2Bscience%2Bgraduate%26grpKey%3D8gcFdG5mZWy4D46b6hqqEBwKCW5vcm10aXRsZRoPcHJvZ3JhbSBhbmFseXN0) 
University studies in **computer** **science**, maths, physics, or a similar field.
First, kick off with a few weeks of bootcamp, where we’ll prepare you to jump into…
View all [Revolut jobs](/q-revolut-jobs.html) - [Remote jobs](/l-remote-jobs.html) - [Program Analyst jobs in Remote](/q-program-analyst-l-remote-jobs.html)Salary Search: [Rev-celerator Graduate Programme 2026: Data Analyst salaries in Remote](/career/program-analyst/salaries?campaignid=serp-more&fromjk=49e8d00aeb8be566&from=serp-more)See popular [questions & answers about Revolut](/cmp/Revolut/faq)
- ## 2025 Graduate Software Dev Engineer

Amazon UK Services Ltd.London 
Graduated less than 24 months ago or about to complete a Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in **Computer** **Science**, **Computer** Engineering, or related fields at time of…
View all [Amazon UK Services Ltd. jobs](/q-amazon-uk-services-ltd.-jobs.html) - [London jobs](/l-london-jobs.html) - [Software Engineer jobs in London](/q-software-engineer-l-london-jobs.html)Salary Search: [2025 Graduate Software Dev Engineer salaries in London](/career/software-engineer/salaries/London?campaignid=serp-more&fromjk=7f489bd6ab3856ee&from=serp-more)See popular [questions & answers about Amazon UK Services Ltd.](/cmp/Amazon.com/faq)
- ## IT Graduate

Starr CompaniesLondon 
Assist with data-related tasks, including data analysis, data **science** initiatives, data modeling, and the creation of reports and reconciliation processes to…
View all [Starr Companies jobs](/q-starr-companies-jobs.html) - [London jobs](/l-london-jobs.html)Salary Search: [IT Graduate salaries](/career/salaries/IT%20Graduate/London?campaignid=serp-more&fromjk=60e4a21dc44589fd&from=serp-more)
- ### Strengthen your profile

Dismiss thisManage profile### What are your desired job types?*

What are your desired job types? *Full-timePart-timePermanentTemporaryShow all (8 more)SaveWe'll use this to improve your job recommendations.
- ## Software Developer Graduate

AvevaHybrid work in CambridgeAnnual leaveCompany pensionPrivate medical insurance 
You are creative with **computers** and software applied to engineering.
Recognise, articulate, and make technical decisions / trade-offs around multiple dimensions…
View all [Aveva jobs](/q-aveva-jobs.html) - [Cambridge jobs](/l-cambridge-jobs.html) - [Software Engineer jobs in Cambridge](/q-software-engineer-l-cambridge-jobs.html)Salary Search: [Software Developer Graduate salaries in Cambridge](/career/software-engineer/salaries/Cambridge?campaignid=serp-more&fromjk=6ae3f109978151e3&from=serp-more)See popular [questions & answers about Aveva](/cmp/Aveva/faq)
- ## Rev-celerator Graduate Programme 2026: Backend Java Software Engineer

RevolutRemote[View similar jobs with this employer](/addlLoc/redirect?tk=1j07ptgkihc4i836&jk=a57ab1de551a00b5&dest=%2Fjobs%3Fq%3Dcomputer%2Bscience%2Bgraduate%26grpKey%3D8gcFdG5mZWy4D46b6hqqEB8KCW5vcm10aXRsZRoSYmFjayBlbmQgZGV2ZWxvcGVy) 
First, kick off with a few weeks of bootcamp, where we’ll prepare you to jump into work at Revolut with workshops, lectures, and practical exercises to start…
View all [Revolut jobs](/q-revolut-jobs.html) - [Remote jobs](/l-remote-jobs.html) - [Back End Developer jobs in Remote](/q-back-end-developer-l-remote-jobs.html)Salary Search: [Rev-celerator Graduate Programme 2026: Backend Java Software Engineer salaries in Remote](/career/back-end-developer/salaries?campaignid=serp-more&fromjk=a57ab1de551a00b5&from=serp-more)See popular [questions & answers about Revolut](/cmp/Revolut/faq)
- ## Graduate Data Analyst

EvriMorley LS27 0WHTypically responds within 1 day 
You will keep up to date with trends in data **science**, learning and sharing new skills and methods.
You’ll gain specialist skills in data and analytics.
View all [Evri jobs](/q-evri-jobs.html) - [Morley jobs](/l-morley-jobs.html) - [Data Analyst jobs in Morley](/q-data-analyst-l-morley-jobs.html)Salary Search: [Graduate Data Analyst salaries in Morley](/career/data-analyst/salaries/Morley-LS27-0WH?campaignid=serp-more&fromjk=7a31d4bbb93ace06&from=serp-more)See popular [questions & answers about Evri](/cmp/Evri-3/faq)
- ## Graduate Cloud Support Engineer

Acturis LtdHybrid work in London 
2.1 or higher degree in software engineering or **computer** **science** or another related science/math program.
Be supported and encouraged to develop your skills and…
View all [Acturis Ltd jobs](/q-acturis-ltd-jobs.html) - [London jobs](/l-london-jobs.html) - [Cloud Engineer jobs in London](/q-cloud-engineer-l-london-jobs.html)Salary Search: [Graduate Cloud Support Engineer salaries in London](/career/cloud-engineer/salaries/London?campaignid=serp-more&fromjk=7a2c9469fb5b5ec0&from=serp-more)See popular [questions & answers about Acturis Ltd](/cmp/Acturis-Ltd/faq)
- ## Graduate Software Engineer

Equipe ElectronicsLittlehampton BN17 7PA 
Good programming skills in C and C++.
Solid grasp of software engineering principles.
Knowledge of object oriented design methods.
View all [Equipe Electronics jobs](/q-equipe-electronics-jobs.html) - [Littlehampton jobs](/l-littlehampton-jobs.html) - [Software Engineer jobs in Littlehampton](/q-software-engineer-l-littlehampton-jobs.html)Salary Search: [Graduate Software Engineer salaries in Littlehampton](/career/software-engineer/salaries/Littlehampton-BN17-7PA?campaignid=serp-more&fromjk=dec3458e75c0e133&from=serp-more)
- 
- ## Graduate Software Engineer

VenneticsBelfast 
Act as part of the software development team participating in the full software development life cycle of device and server solutions;
View all [Vennetics jobs](/q-vennetics-jobs.html) - [Belfast jobs](/l-belfast-jobs.html) - [Software Engineer jobs in Belfast](/q-software-engineer-l-belfast-jobs.html)Salary Search: [Graduate Software Engineer salaries in Belfast](/career/software-engineer/salaries/Belfast?campaignid=serp-more&fromjk=cf39c80a6079e1d7&from=serp-more)
- ## Graduate Software Engineer

Helvar LtdHybrid work in London 
Over the past two years we have had fantastic **graduates** join us and move into full time roles making a big impact in our Embedded, Software and Testing teams.
View all [Helvar Ltd jobs](/q-helvar-ltd-jobs.html) - [London jobs](/l-london-jobs.html) - [Software Engineer jobs in London](/q-software-engineer-l-london-jobs.html)Salary Search: [Graduate Software Engineer salaries in London](/career/software-engineer/salaries/London?campaignid=serp-more&fromjk=bbe6809a90a6de87&from=serp-more)See popular [questions & answers about Helvar Ltd](/cmp/Helvar/faq)
- ## Graduate Test Engineer

Helvar LtdHybrid work in London[View similar jobs with this employer](/addlLoc/redirect?tk=1j07ptgkihc4i836&jk=349898d4ce014f51&dest=%2Fjobs%3Fq%3Dcomputer%2Bscience%2Bgraduate%26grpKey%3D8gcFdG5mZWy4D4C48wSqEBoKCW5vcm10aXRsZRoNdGVzdCBlbmdpbmVlcg%253D%253D) 
Over the past two years we have had fantastic **graduates** join us and move into full time roles making a big impact in our Embedded, Software and Testing teams.
View all [Helvar Ltd jobs](/q-helvar-ltd-jobs.html) - [London jobs](/l-london-jobs.html) - [Test Engineer jobs in London](/q-test-engineer-l-london-jobs.html)Salary Search: [Graduate Test Engineer salaries in London](/career/test-engineer/salaries/London?campaignid=serp-more&fromjk=349898d4ce014f51&from=serp-more)See popular [questions & answers about Helvar Ltd](/cmp/Helvar/faq)
- ## Graduate IT Solutions Developer

Leicestershire PoliceLeicester 
As part of the team, you will configure business intelligence and cloud-based components to enable digital transformation.
View all [Leicestershire Police jobs](/q-leicestershire-police-jobs.html) - [Leicester jobs](/l-leicester-jobs.html) - [Developer jobs in Leicester](/q-developer-l-leicester-jobs.html)Salary Search: [Graduate IT Solutions Developer salaries in Leicester](/career/developer/salaries/Leicester?campaignid=serp-more&fromjk=0acd756412954635&from=serp-more)See popular [questions & answers about Leicestershire Police](/cmp/Leicestershire-Police-1/faq)
- ## Data Analyst Degree Apprentice

QA ApprenticeshipsChorley PR7 1BSAnnual leaveLife insuranceEmployee assistance programmeCompany pensionCycle to work scheme 
Configure and support ERP systems, including customizing workflows and resolving user issues.
Collaborate with Business Analysts to identify and automate…
View all [QA Apprenticeships jobs](/q-qa-apprenticeships-jobs.html) - [Chorley jobs](/l-chorley-jobs.html) - [Data Analyst jobs in Chorley](/q-data-analyst-l-chorley-jobs.html)Salary Search: [Data Analyst Degree Apprentice salaries in Chorley](/career/data-analyst/salaries/Chorley-PR7-1BS?campaignid=serp-more&fromjk=b1458ddb90e75ae5&from=serp-more)See popular [questions & answers about QA Apprenticeships](/cmp/QA-150e0153/faq)
- 
- [1](#)
- [2](/jobs?q=computer+science+graduate&start=10)
- [3](/jobs?q=computer+science+graduate&start=20)
- [4](/jobs?q=computer+science+graduate&start=30)
- [5](/jobs?q=computer+science+graduate&start=40)
- 
### People also searched:

[graduate software developer](/q-graduate-software-developer-jobs.html)[computer science](/q-computer-science-jobs.html)[cyber security](/q-cyber-security-jobs.html)[graduate](/q-graduate-jobs.html)[software engineer](/q-software-engineer-jobs.html)[graduate software engineer](/q-graduate-software-engineer-jobs.html)[it](/q-it-jobs.html)[software developer](/q-software-developer-jobs.html)[part time](/q-part-time-jobs.html)[data analyst](/q-data-analyst-jobs.html)Return to Search Result## Job Post Details

## Graduate / Entry Level – Software Test Engineers - Glasgow City Centre / Hybrid - job post

[Commissum](https://uk.indeed.com/cmp/Commissum?campaignid=mobvjcmp&from=mobviewjob&tk=1j07ptgr3hc4i800&fromjk=1fc2e07fbc6c3a4b)Glasgow£28,000 - £30,000 a year -  Full-timeYou must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to applyApply on company sitesave-icon## Job details

### Pay

- £28,000 - £30,000 a year
### Job type

- Full-time
&nbsp;## Location

Glasgow&nbsp;## BenefitsPulled from the full job description

- Paid training
&nbsp;## Full job description

## Company Description

** Help us to achieve our goal to be the global leader in total quality services.**
** With your help we will achieve this by delivering Total Quality 360, a comprehensive suite of cutting-edge services which combine quality engineering, cyber security, conformance & interoperability and content quality to deliver end-to-end total quality solutions.**
** Here at Resillion, our culture is based on an ‘if you see something, say something’ attitude where we take responsibility. It’s one where we expect to adapt and embrace change as the company grows. It’s based on recognising the individual worth of every one of our employees and developing their skills to keep us all at the forefront of our industry.**
** Above all, it’s a culture where we’re passionate about what we do, and we’re committed to the greater good of the company.**
** If you would like to be part of our journey, then this role may be the one for you.**

##  Job Description

** RESILLION - SOFTWARE TESTING ACADEMY 2025**
** Graduate / Entry Level – Software Test Engineers**
** Resillion Testing Academy – Birmingham & Glasgow**
** Multiple Full-Time Roles | **** Based in Birmingham & Glasgow | **** £28K – £30K**
** Start Date – September 2025**
**Assessment Centres - W/C - 21st July**
** ** Please note: Unfortunately Due to our background checks, we are unable to offer sponsorship or accept applications from candidates with student visa’s. We also require at least 3 years address history in the UK ****
** Kickstart Your Tech Career with Us!**
Are you about to graduate or are a recent graduate with a **Computer Science degree (or similar)**? Are you curious, love solving problems, and want to work in tech — but not sure where to start?
Welcome to the Resillion Testing Academy, where your career in technology takes off! We’re hiring bright, enthusiastic graduates right now to join our exciting 2025 intake of future Software Test Engineers in Birmingham and Glasgow kicking off in September 2025.
** Why Software Testing?**
Software Testing is one of the most **in-demand, fast-growing and future-proof** careers in tech. From apps to websites to smart devices — **everything needs testing** before it goes live. That’s where you come in.
You’ll play a key role in making sure software works exactly how it should — and help prevent the kinds of high-profile bugs that make headlines!
** What You’ll Learn**
In our paid training programme, you'll get:

- ** Hands-on experience** with real tools and projects

- Exposure to **cutting-edge technologies**

- Practical skills in:

Test Automation (Java, Python, C#, C++, Ruby)
Agile & DevOps practices
Exploratory Testing
Mobile and Web App Testing

And after training? You’ll be working on exciting projects at Resillion or with major clients, where you’ll help shape the tech used by **millions of users**.
** What’s in It for You?**

- **£28K – £30K starting salary** (based on your background)
 ‍ 
    - Ongoing mentoring and support

- Work with clients in industries like finance, healthcare, media and more

- Social events, networking and volunteer opportunities

- Clear career progression into:

Test Automation
Performance Testing
QA Consultancy
Team Leadership

** What You Need to Apply**
We’re looking for people who are:

- Graduates with a Computing-related degree (or similar experience)

- Familiar with coding basics (eg JavaScript, C#. C++, Python)

- Curious, analytical thinkers who enjoy problem-solving

- Great at communicating and working with others

- Excited about tech trends like Agile, DevOps, and Test Automation

- Happy to travel or relocate for client projects (travel is sometimes required)

** Ready to Apply?**
This is your chance to launch a rewarding, future-proof career in tech — with **zero experience in software testing required**. We’ll teach you everything you need to know.
Whether you're a final-year student or a recent grad, **Resillion’s Testing Academy** is the perfect place to start.
**Apply now and let’s build something great — together.**

##  Additional Information

** By fostering a workplace that is inclusive and welcoming, we aim to harness the full potential of our diverse team. We encourage candidates of all backgrounds to apply, as we believe that a variety of perspectives leads to better decision-making and more effective problem-solving.**
** Additional Information**
What do we offer you?

- No boring routine, but a new challenge every day.

- The opportunity to learn new things and contribute to innovative projects with the latest technologies and tools.

- A close-knit team of motivated professionals eager to share their knowledge.

- Good employment conditions, including:

Based on your interests, priorities, flexibility, work-life balance, as well as your expertise, experience, and ambitions, we will determine which compensation package suits you.
Permanent contract.
Abundant knowledge sharing, inspiration sessions, and training, which you can follow and/or give.
An open and warm company culture with around 500 and growing (international) professional colleagues.
Large projects in both the public and private sectors with a focus on technological innovation.
A personal training budget to enhance your skills and dedicated days to develop them. Because as we grow, you grow.
Regular team events such as after-work drinks or other team initiatives.
Ownership to take charge of your own projects and create real change.
Job security through a strong team, stable projects, continuous innovations, and ongoing growth.

&nbsp;Report jobReturn to Search Result

- [Hiring Lab](https://www.hiringlab.org/uk/)
- [Career advice](https://uk.indeed.com/career-advice)
- [Browse jobs](https://uk.indeed.com/browsejobs)
- [Browse companies](https://uk.indeed.com/companies/browse-companies)
- [Salaries](https://uk.indeed.com/career/salaries)
- [Indeed Events](https://www.indeedevents.com/en-gb)
- [Work at Indeed](https://uk.indeed.com/cmp/indeed/about)
- [Countries](https://uk.indeed.com/worldwide)
- [About](https://uk.indeed.com/about)
- [Help](https://uk.indeed.com/help)
- [ESG at Indeed](https://uk.indeed.com/esg?from=gnav-jobsearch--indeedmobile)
- © 2025 Indeed
- [Anti-Slavery statement ](https://uk.indeed.com/legal/anti-slavery)
- [Accessibility at Indeed ](https://uk.indeed.com/accessibility?hl=en)
- [Privacy Centre and Ad Choices ](https://hrtechprivacy.com/brands/indeed#privacypolicy)
- [Terms](https://uk.indeed.com/legal?hl=en)
Let Employers Find You[Upload Your Resume](/promo/resume?from=bottomResumeCTAjobsearch&trk.origin=jobsearch)

 We use cookies to personalize content and ads, analyze traffic and improve our services. We also use essential cookies to inform employers of clicks to their jobs. You acknowledge that your use of Indeed is subject to our updated Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy, and Terms, which we encourage you to review.

Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies