Job Application for Software Engineer - Automation AI at NICE[Back to jobs](https://www.nice.com/careers/apply)New# Software Engineer - Automation AI

USA - Sandy, UTApplyAt NiCE, we don’t limit our challenges. We challenge our limits. Always. We’re ambitious. We’re game changers. And we play to win. We set the highest standards and execute beyond them. And if you’re like us, we can offer you the ultimate career opportunity that will light a fire within you.**Software Engineer**
**Location: Salt Lake City, UT**
**This position is ineligible for visa sponsorship.  **The Software Engineer develops tests and maintains the CX software platform. Key responsibilities include all tiers of the technology, including (but not limited to) design and development of our products and features, unit testing, code reviews, resolving defects encountered during the QA cycle, supporting the production environment, and assisting other developers in a team environment utilizing agile development processes. **As a Software Engineer, a Typical Day Might Include the Following:**

- Work as a member of an agile team to enhance and improve software written in one or more of the following languages: C#, ASP.NET, GO

- Design and present projects to improve current process and overall platform.

- Code and test projects.

- Deliver high-quality software on time

- Attend meetings and training as required.

- Work with system analysis and product management for the successful completion of a project.

**To Land This Gig You'll Need:**

- Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Business Information Systems or related field or equivalent work experience is required.

- 0-3 years experience in software development

- Experience in the following software languages: C#, .Angular, JavaScript 

- Experience with the Microsoft Suite (.NET Framework, Visual Studio)

- Excellent communication skills

- Excellent problem-solving skills

- Working knowledge of unit testing

- Working knowledge of user stories or use cases

- Team Player

- Desire to work in a fast-paced environment

**Bonus Experience:** 

- Experience developing with SQL Server or equivalent

- Experience with TFS and Git/Bitbucket

- AWS Experience

- Experience with/knowledge of agile development process

- Test automation experience

**ABOUT NICE:** NICE makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics. NICE provides the world’s No. 1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE CXone™, combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation. NICE is a part of NICE (Nasdaq: NICE), the worldwide leading provider of both cloud and on-premises enterprise software solutions.  

 ***About NiCE ***
*NICE Ltd. (NASDAQ: NICE) software products are used by 25,000+ global businesses, including 85 of the Fortune 100 corporations, to deliver extraordinary customer experiences, fight financial crime and ensure public safety. Every day, NiCE software manages more than 120 million customer interactions and monitors 3+ billion financial transactions. *
*Known as an innovation powerhouse that excels in AI, cloud and digital, NiCE is consistently recognized as the market leader in its domains, with over 8,500 employees across 30+ countries. *
*NiCE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, neurotype, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation or any other category protected by law.*
 ## Apply for this job

*indicates a required fieldFirst Name*Last Name*Email*Phone*Resume/CV*AttachAttachDropboxGoogle DriveEnter manuallyEnter manuallyAccepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtfCover LetterAttachAttachDropboxGoogle DriveEnter manuallyEnter manuallyAccepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtfLinkedIn ProfileWebsiteDo you have any first-degree relatives (spouse, parent, child, sibling) that are currently employed by NICE or any of its subsidiaries?*Select...Have you ever worked at NICE or any of it's subsidiaries?*Select...Are you willing to come into the Sandy, UT office two days a week on a flex-hybrid schedule?*Select...Are you a US Citizen or Green Card Holder? *Select...What is your desired base salary?*What is your current address?*Do you currently live in the Northern Utah area? *Select...## Voluntary Self-Identification

For government reporting purposes, we ask candidates to respond to the below self-identification survey.
Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring
process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a
confidential file.
As set forth in NICE’s Equal Employment Opportunity policy,
we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected group status under any applicable law.
GenderSelect...Are you Hispanic/Latino?Select...[Race & Ethnicity Definitions](https://job-boards.cdn.greenhouse.io/docs/2023/RaceEthnicityDefinitions.pdf)
  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection.
  As a government contractor subject to the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure
  the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories
  is as follows:

A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.
A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service.
An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense.
An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985.
Veteran StatusSelect...## Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability

Form CC-305
Page 1 of 1

OMB Control Number 1250-0005
Expires 04/30/2026

**Why are you being asked to complete this form?**
We are a federal contractor or subcontractor. The law requires us to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We have a goal of having at least 7% of our workers as people with disabilities. The law says we must measure our progress towards this goal. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had one. People can become disabled, so we need to ask this question at least every five years.
Completing this form is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer is confidential. No one who makes hiring decisions will see it. Your decision to complete the form and your answer will not harm you in any way. If you want to learn more about the law or this form, visit the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at [www.dol.gov/ofccp](https://www.dol.gov/ofccp).
**How do you know if you have a disability?**
A disability is a condition that substantially limits one or more of your “major life activities.” If you have or have ever had such a condition, you are a person with a disability. **Disabilities include, but are not limited to:**

- Alcohol or other substance use disorder (not currently using drugs illegally)

- Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, HIV/AIDS

- Blind or low vision

- Cancer (past or present)

- Cardiovascular or heart disease

- Celiac disease

- Cerebral palsy

- Deaf or serious difficulty hearing

- Diabetes

- Disfigurement, for example, disfigurement caused by burns, wounds, accidents, or congenital disorders

- Epilepsy or other seizure disorder

- Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, irritable bowel syndrome

- Intellectual or developmental disability

- Mental health conditions, for example, depression, bipolar disorder, anxiety disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD

- Missing limbs or partially missing limbs

- Mobility impairment, benefiting from the use of a wheelchair, scooter, walker, leg brace(s) and/or other supports

- Nervous system condition, for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson’s disease, multiple sclerosis (MS)

- Neurodivergence, for example, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorder, dyslexia, dyspraxia, other learning disabilities

- Partial or complete paralysis (any cause)

- Pulmonary or respiratory conditions, for example, tuberculosis, asthma, emphysema

- Short stature (dwarfism)

- Traumatic brain injury

Disability StatusSelect...PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.
Submit applicationPowered by[Greenhouse](https://www.greenhouse.io/privacy-policy)Read our [Privacy Policy](https://www.greenhouse.io/privacy-policy)