Early Careers | State Street

### How we use cookies

 We routinely use some cookies that are strictly necessary to provide the services or information you request or enable communications. We also use non-essential cookies to improve your experience on our career website. For more detailed information about the cookies we use, please use the below link to visit our Cookie Settings page to review our Cookie Disclosure.

[

                    Cookie Settings

](https://careers.statestreet.com/global/en/cookiesettings)

**

                    Allow

[Skip to main content](#skipToMainContent)
** **   - [About](http://www.statestreet.com/about.html)  
- [Blog](https://careers.statestreet.com/global/en/blog)  
    - 
-    Search location or Language   ** [ Clear text
                        ](javascript:void(0))  
                        No results found

- [  Saved jobs 
            (0)](https://careers.statestreet.com/global/en/jobcart)

-

# 
Early Careers

[

](javascript:void(0);)
Please navigate the suggestions using the tab key

**

[

                            Clear Search Text

](javascript:void(0);)

## 

                                    Job Categories

## 

                                    Jobs

## 

                                    Location

## 
Category

## 
Recent
                                    Searches

## 

                                    suggested keywords

                    Enter Location

[

](javascript:void(0);)

**

[

                                Clear Location Search Text

](javascript:void(0))

## 

                                Location

                            No Results Found

**
                    Search

## Taking your first career steps?

##### Whether you’re a recent graduate or still in school, we have opportunities that can help get you started with a career in financial services.As a student, you can apply to one of our internships or, in some locations, to part-time opportunities. If you have already graduated or will soon, you can apply to one of our development programs or start regular full-time work in an entry-level position. No matter where or how you join us, you’ll have a structured onboarding and the support of your manager and colleagues while learning your job. Wherever you start, you’ll have the chance to make an impact on our company every day.

## Professional Development Programs

##### These two-year programs are designed for graduates who want anaccelerated career trajectory. Selected participants experience job rotationsacross the company, with in-depth exposure to multiple business areas and functions,  dedicated learning initiatives and activities that foster collaboration.Successful participants are offered managerial roles upon completion.Check our current openings!

## Student internships​​​​​​​

##### We offer internship, co-op, dual education or working student opportunities in
multiple offices around the world. Details and requirements are specific to each
location, but programs for students typically will last from two to six months
and are organized in summer or throughout the year.
These positions offer true hands-on experience, giving you a chance to learn
about our industry and our company.

## Professional Development Programs

##### These two-year programs are designed for graduates who want anaccelerated career trajectory. Selected participants experience job rotationsacross the company, with in-depth exposure to multiple business areas and functions,  dedicated learning initiatives and activities that foster collaboration.Successful participants are offered managerial roles upon completion.Check our current openings!

## Student internships​​​​​​​

##### We offer internship, co-op, dual education or working student opportunities in
multiple offices around the world. Details and requirements are specific to each
location, but programs for students typically will last from two to six months
and are organized in summer or throughout the year.
These positions offer true hands-on experience, giving you a chance to learn
about our industry and our company.

12
showing slide 1  of 2  Student internships​​​​​​​ We offer internship, co-op, dual education or working student opportunities in multiple offices around the world. Details and requirements are specific to each location, but programs for students typically will last from two to six months and are organized in summer or throughout the year. These positions offer true hands-on experience, giving you a chance to learn about our industry and our company.

## 

        Add Skills to Search

[

        See more
       ](javascript:void(0))

[

                    Close Filter

](javascript:void(0))

## 

                        Refine your search

                                Category

**

                                    Category

[

                                    Search button

](javascript:void(0))

- 

Fund Services

(1)job

- 

Internships and Development Programs

(6)jobs

- 

Investment Operations

(3)jobs

- 

Other

(8)jobs

                                Country / Region
                                **

                                    Country / Region

[

                                    Search button

](javascript:void(0))

- 

Canada

(1)job

- 

China

(4)jobs

- 

Ireland

(2)jobs

- 

Japan

(1)job

- 

Poland

(4)jobs

- 

United States of America

(3)jobs

                                State / Province
                                **

                                    State / Province

[

                                    Search button

](javascript:void(0))

- 

Fukuoka

(1)job

- 

Lesser Poland

(4)jobs

- 

Louth

(2)jobs

- 

Massachusetts

(3)jobs

- 

Pomeranian

(1)job

- 

Quebec

(1)job

- 

Zhejiang

(4)jobs

                                City
                                **

                                    City

[

                                    Search button

](javascript:void(0))

- 

Boston

(3)jobs

- 

Drogheda

(2)jobs

- 

Fukuoka

(1)job

- 

Gdansk

(1)job

- 

Hangzhou

(4)jobs

- 

Krakow

(4)jobs

- 

Montreal

(1)job

                                Job Type
                                **

                                    Job Type

[

                                    Search button

](javascript:void(0))

- 

Full time

(14)jobs

- 

Part time

(1)job

                                Location Search 

**

                                    Location Search

[

                                    Search button

](javascript:void(0))

                                    Enter Location

[

](javascript:void(0))

- 

100
miles

100+
miles

[

                        Refine Search

](javascript:void(0))

**

### 

         Create Job Alert

        NOTE: Use refine search filters above to get better job alerts

         Email Address

           E-mail should not be empty

           Please enter Valid E-mail address

            You'll get emails

 DailyWeeklyMonthly 

 Create Job Alert 

## Watch our A Day in the Life at State Street series:

 Watch 

 the video 

**

 Close the popup 

 Watch 

 the video 

**

 Close the popup 

 Watch 

 the video 

**

 Close the popup 

## 

                                Showing Search results for

""

- 
000904 - 100 - Core Operations, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000427 - 100 - Financial Reporting, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
001933 - 100 - Data Analysis, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000485 - 100 - Fund Services Tax, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000337 - Co-Op
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000418 - 100 - Client Reporting, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000362 - 100 - Financial Reporting / Analysis / Planning, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000584 - 100 - Talent Acquisition, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
002164 - 100 - Depositary/ Fiduciary Services, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000876 - 100 - Der/ Coll Mngt/ Corp Act, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000341 - Intern
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000439 - 100 - Fund Accounting & Administration, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000932 - 100 - Operations Tax, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000456 - 100 - Investment Performance Analysis, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000500 - 100 - Transfer Agency, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000936 - 100 - Valuations / Pricing, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000347 - 100 - Accounting, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000346 - Trainee
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000162 - 100 - Anti-Money Laundering, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000409 - 100 - Cash Management Services, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000294 - 100 - General Services, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000860 - 100 - Operations Client Service, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000890 - 100 - Middle Office, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
002219 - 999 - Working Student (Germany Only)
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000514 - 100 - Treasury Services, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000188 - 100 - Compliance, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000876 - 100 - Corporate Actions, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000439 - 100 - Fund Accounting, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
000860 - 100 - Client Implementation & Service, Assc1
[

](javascript:void(0))

- 
[

                                    Clear all

](javascript:void(0))

Search from
                                        below list

[

                                                clear text

](javascript:void(0))

**

                                                    Go

15

                                        jobs

Sort by

                                                Most relevant

                                                Most recent

**

[

                                                Filter

](javascript:void(0))

- 

[

Middle Office, Associate 1-Drogheda 

](https://careers.statestreet.com/global/en/job/R-775159/Middle-Office-Associate-1-Drogheda)

Location

                Drogheda

Category

                Other

Job Id

                R-775159

Who we are looking for:Candidate will be responsible for trade processing and confirmation of client’s trades, error reporting and resolution.Why this role is important to us:The team you will be join

- 

[

Corporate Tax Part time Internship 

](https://careers.statestreet.com/global/en/job/R-775194/Corporate-Tax-Part-time-Internship)

Location

                Boston

Category

                Internships and Development Programs

Job Id

                R-775194

You will join a world-class tax department completing Federal, International and State tax calculations while enhancing your data analytic skills in excel and Alteryx. Gain valuable real-world experie...

- 

[

Middle Office Administrator -AIS, Associate 1 

](https://careers.statestreet.com/global/en/job/R-775168/Middle-Office-Administrator-AIS-Associate-1)

Job Id

                R-775168

                    Job available in 2 locations

**

                    Krakow

                    Gdansk

                    Job available in 3 categories

**

                    Fund Services

                    Other

                    Investment Operations

Direct integration with client Middle and Front Office teams (Investment Managers) to resolve trade discrepancies or issues. Support Supervisor in ensuring client issues are highlighted and escalated...

- 

[

Investor Services Specialist (Alternatives) Associate 1 

](https://careers.statestreet.com/global/en/job/R-774628/Investor-Services-Specialist-Alternatives-Associate-1)

Location

                Krakow

Category

                Other

Job Id

                R-774628

Processing investors transactions. Generating investors and clients reporting. Communication with both investors and internal clients regarding investor investment activity. Processing payments. Servi...

- 

[

Middle Office, Associate 1-Drogheda 

](https://careers.statestreet.com/global/en/job/R-775151/Middle-Office-Associate-1-Drogheda)

Location

                Drogheda

Category

                Investment Operations

Job Id

                R-775151

You will be responsible for Loan Trade processing, confirmation and lifecycle management. A key element will be to assist and ensure the EMEA middle office loan team complete all their daily tasks wit...

 Showing 
 1 

 - 
 5 

 of 15

jobs

- 

 Prev

- 
[1](https://careers.statestreet.com/global/en/state-street-early-careers?s=1&rk=l-state-street-early-careers)

- 
[2](https://careers.statestreet.com/global/en/state-street-early-careers?from=5&s=1&rk=l-state-street-early-careers)

- 
[3](https://careers.statestreet.com/global/en/state-street-early-careers?from=10&s=1&rk=l-state-street-early-careers)

- 
[

 Next

](https://careers.statestreet.com/global/en/state-street-early-careers?from=5&s=1&rk=l-state-street-early-careers)

## Equal Opportunity

As an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer, we consider applications for all positions without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, age, disability, genetic information, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, citizenship, marital status, domestic partnership or civil union status, familial status, military and veteran status, and other characteristics protected by applicable law. For more information, refer to our [CEO Statement](https://cdn.phenompeople.com/CareerConnectResources/STSTGLOBAL/documents/CEOEEOPolicyStatement2024-1710406822810.pdf).
As an equal opportunity employer, State Street Corporation is committed to a diverse workforce and is also committed to a barrier-free employment process. In order to ensure reasonable accommodations for individuals protected by Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Era Veterans' Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974, and Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, individuals that require accommodation in the job application process for a posted position may contact us at DisabilityAssistance@statestreet.com.
## 
Affirmative Action

In compliance with Executive Order 11246, Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974, and relevant federal regulations, State Street maintains an Affirmative Action Program to ensure equal opportunity is provided in all aspects of employment. Upon request, State Street will make its Affirmative Action Program accessible to employees and applicants during regular business hours. Please submit a written request to Valerie Bennett (VSBennett@StateStreet.com) in State Street’s Global Human Resources department to arrange a time to review the Affirmative Action Program.
## Data Privacy Statements and Important Information

####  Read more here.

4b936026c4fe457abda62021010e6c85