Job Application for Backend Software Engineer - University Graduate 2025 at VerkadaNew# Backend Software Engineer - University Graduate 2025

San Mateo, CA United StatesApply### Who We Are

Verkada is a leader in cloud-based B2B physical security. Verkada offers six product lines — video security cameras, access control, environmental sensors, alarms, workplace and intercoms — integrated with a single cloud-based software platform.

Designed with simplicity and scalability in mind, Verkada gives organizations the real-time insight to know what could impact the safety and comfort of people throughout their physical environment, while empowering them to take immediate action to minimize security risks, workplace frustrations and costly inefficiencies.

Founded in 2016, Verkada has expanded rapidly with 15 offices across three continents, 2,100+ full-time employees and 30,000+ customers across 70+ countries.

**Overview**

We are looking for software engineers who thrive in a high growth environment working alongside teammates to launch products and features that will be utilized by customers across the globe. As part of the Software Engineering team, you’ll have ownership of one or more projects on various product or platform facing teams. You will work across the full software stack and collaborate cross functionally to build the latest iterations of Verkada’s flagship software, enabling our best-in-class security systems.

**Responsibilities:**

- Build scalable distributed systems capable of handling high traffic from 100s of thousands of devices deployed around the world.

- Work with high concurrency key-value storage systems (Redis, DynamoDB)

- Work with Postgres relational databases

- Work with logging and message passing technologies like Kafka and SQS

- Deploy services via Terraform and Kubernetes

- Develop large scale systems to interact with and configure products remotely.

- Define and improve low-latency, high-throughput, high-reliability microservice architectures.

- Design and develop features incorporating cutting edge computer vision

- Design clean APIs and implement them using Python and/or Go.

**Requirements:**

- BS/MS in Computer Science or similar technical field of study

- Internship experience developing and launching products

- Working knowledge of Python and/or Go

- Comfortable working in an agile team software development environment

- Familiarity with REST APIs, ability to read python server code a plus

**US Employee Benefits**
Verkada is committed to fostering a workplace environment that prioritizes the holistic health and wellbeing of our employees and their families by offering comprehensive wellness perks, benefits, and resources. Our benefits and perks programs include, but are not limited to:

- Healthcare programs that can be tailored to meet the personal health and financial well-being needs - Premiums are 100% covered for the employee under at least one plan and 80% for family premiums under all plans

- Nationwide medical, vision and dental coverage

- Health Saving Account (HSA) with annual employer contributions and Flexible Spending Account (FSA) with tax saving options

- Expanded mental health support

- Paid parental leave policy & fertility benefits

- Time off to relax and recharge through our paid holidays, firmwide extended holidays, flexible PTO and personal sick time

- Professional development stipend

- Fertility Stipend 

- Wellness/fitness benefits

- Healthy lunches provided daily

- Commuter benefits

**Additional Information:**

- We do sponsor and take over sponsorship of employment visas for this role. If we make you an offer, we will make every reasonable effort to get you a visa.

**Annual Pay Range**
At Verkada, we want to attract and retain the best employees, and compensate them in a way that appropriately and fairly values their individual contribution to the company. With that in mind, we carefully consider a number of factors to determine the appropriate starting pay for an employee, including their primary work location and an assessment of a candidate's skills and experience, as well as market demands and internal parity. A Verkada employee may be eligible for additional forms of compensation, depending on their role, including sales incentives, discretionary bonuses, and/or equity in the company in the form of restricted stock units (RSUs)
Below is the annual on-target earnings (OTE) range for full-time employees for this position, comprised of base compensation and commissions (if applicable).Estimated Annual Pay Range$120,000 - $160,000 USD### Verkada Is An Equal Opportunity Employer

As an equal opportunity employer, Verkada is committed to providing employment opportunities to all individuals. All applicants for positions at Verkada will be treated without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, marital status, veteran status, pregnancy, or any other basis prohibited by applicable law.
*Your application will be handled in accordance with our [Candidate Privacy Policy](https://www.verkada.com/privacy/candidate-privacy-policy). *## Apply for this job

*indicates a required fieldFirst Name*Last Name*Preferred First NameEmail*Phone*Resume/CV*AttachAttachDropboxGoogle DriveEnter manuallyEnter manuallyAccepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtfEducationSchool*Select...Degree*Select...Discipline*Select...End date month*Select...End date year*Add anotherLinkedIn Profile*Undergraduate Transcript*AttachAttachDropboxGoogle DriveAccepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtfPlease upload any unofficial undergraduate transcripts (BS)Graduate TranscriptAttachAttachDropboxGoogle DriveAccepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtfPlease upload any graduate transcripts (MS, PhD)When do you graduate?*Select...What is your GPA?*Select...Please select the closest GPA conversionWill you now or in the future require sponsorship to work in the US?*Select...## Voluntary Self-Identification

For government reporting purposes, we ask candidates to respond to the below self-identification survey.
Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring
process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a
confidential file.
As set forth in Verkada’s Equal Employment Opportunity policy,
we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected group status under any applicable law.
Gender*Select...Are you Hispanic/Latino?*Select...[Race & Ethnicity Definitions](https://job-boards.cdn.greenhouse.io/docs/2023/RaceEthnicityDefinitions.pdf)
  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection.
  As a government contractor subject to the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure
  the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories
  is as follows:

A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.
A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service.
An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense.
An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985.
Veteran Status*Select...## Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability

Form CC-305
Page 1 of 1

OMB Control Number 1250-0005
Expires 04/30/2026

**Why are you being asked to complete this form?**
We are a federal contractor or subcontractor. The law requires us to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We have a goal of having at least 7% of our workers as people with disabilities. The law says we must measure our progress towards this goal. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had one. People can become disabled, so we need to ask this question at least every five years.
Completing this form is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer is confidential. No one who makes hiring decisions will see it. Your decision to complete the form and your answer will not harm you in any way. If you want to learn more about the law or this form, visit the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at [www.dol.gov/ofccp](https://www.dol.gov/ofccp).
**How do you know if you have a disability?**
A disability is a condition that substantially limits one or more of your “major life activities.” If you have or have ever had such a condition, you are a person with a disability. **Disabilities include, but are not limited to:**

- Alcohol or other substance use disorder (not currently using drugs illegally)

- Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, HIV/AIDS

- Blind or low vision

- Cancer (past or present)

- Cardiovascular or heart disease

- Celiac disease

- Cerebral palsy

- Deaf or serious difficulty hearing

- Diabetes

- Disfigurement, for example, disfigurement caused by burns, wounds, accidents, or congenital disorders

- Epilepsy or other seizure disorder

- Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, irritable bowel syndrome

- Intellectual or developmental disability

- Mental health conditions, for example, depression, bipolar disorder, anxiety disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD

- Missing limbs or partially missing limbs

- Mobility impairment, benefiting from the use of a wheelchair, scooter, walker, leg brace(s) and/or other supports

- Nervous system condition, for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson’s disease, multiple sclerosis (MS)

- Neurodivergence, for example, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorder, dyslexia, dyspraxia, other learning disabilities

- Partial or complete paralysis (any cause)

- Pulmonary or respiratory conditions, for example, tuberculosis, asthma, emphysema

- Short stature (dwarfism)

- Traumatic brain injury

Disability Status*Select...PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.
Submit applicationPowered by[Greenhouse](https://www.greenhouse.io/privacy-policy)Read our [Privacy Policy](https://www.greenhouse.io/privacy-policy)